Revamped Overview Articles (#1131)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/mediaquery/overview.md

position: 0
---

# MediaQuery Overview

The <a href = "https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/mediaquery" target="_blank">MediaQuery component for Blazor</a> allows you to react when the user changes the size of the browser. 

> ## Creating MediaQuery

Reviewer: SEO

```suggestion
## Creating Blazor MediaQuery
```

>caption To use the TelerikMediaQuery on your page: 

1. Add the `<TelerikMediaQuery>` tag to your razor page.

> 1. In the `Media` parameter provide a <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries" target="_blank">CSS media query</a> to be matched. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the `Media` parameter to a <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries" target="_blank">CSS media query</a> to be matched. 
Use one component instance for each media query.
```

position: 0
---

# MediaQuery Overview

The <a href = "https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/mediaquery" target="_blank">MediaQuery component for Blazor</a> allows you to react when the user changes the size of the browser. 

> ## Creating MediaQuery

Reviewer: An important question that we should address from the start is how to configure support for multiple different media queries. So the basic example may include two component instances.
